hey everyone so for the first time ever
I'm gonna try and do a voiceover and for
the first part of this video I'm going
to show you guys how to do this look so
I'm just taking a matte white eyeshadow
and I'm patting that on my lid up to my
crease obviously you can use any other
color you'd like I just chose to use
white for this look and the weight that
I'm using is from my Bed Head palette
then I'm just using a dark charcoal
color and I'm defining my crease it
doesn't have to be perfect because
obviously mine is not but we can use
this later as a guide for the liquid
liner so now I'm just blending out that
wine with a big fluffy brush and getting
it ready for the eyeliner or about to
put in our crease I didn't show myself
doing that part but this liquid liner is
from Kat Von D and I basically just
lines the crease following the line that
I created with the eye shadow now I'm
taking a dark matte black color and I'm
just packing that on over top of the
line we just created and now I'm gonna
blend it out with a big fluffy brush and
just make it look very smoky next just
use a matte brown color to warm up the
shade that's what I'm doing here it
helps blend everything a lot easier and
then after that I'm gonna be using a
shimmery golden brown color and that's
just gonna help add a little bit of
shimmer because everything else is matte
it'll just change up the texture of it
so it should look something like this
and then I'm going back with the same
liquid liner and I'm just gonna create a
wing line on my upper lash line the
little wings at the end they should kind
of meet up they don't have to actually
touch but they should swoop in the same
direction
and now at the scene liquid liner I'm
just creating a smaller thinner line
underneath and leaving a space in the
middle so we can go in with that matte
white eyeshadow or whatever color you
decided to use and fill it in now I'm
just smudging out my lower lash line
with the black eye shadow and moving on
to my inner corner I'm just gonna create
a little point it'll help really add to
the cat eye effect and you could just
clean anything up with a little q-tip
now I'm using the lash potion mascara
and I'm just gonna layer that on but I
would definitely recommend fake lashes
for this look so this is the final
result and here are some pictures from
the first time I did it I do think it
turned out a little bit better the first
time but it should look something like
this and now we get to turn it in a
Halloween makeup the first thing you're
gonna do is create a little cat nose and
there are a lot of different ways to do
this but I just decided to use the lower
half of my nose because I don't really
like my nose so I'm just filling that in
with the black eye shadow I meant to go
back over it with a black gel liner but
I forgot and then you're gonna create a
line that connects your nose to the top
of your Cupid's bow and then fill in
your upper lip with a dark color I'm
just using a black liquid liner and
winged out the edges for a cat-like
effect so now I'm just adding little
dots where there wouldn't really be
whiskers if you wanted to add whiskers
you definitely could I just felt like it
might be a little too overpowering with
this look so here it is with cherry lip
liner for Mac and this is the final look
I hope you guys like this tutorial let
me know if you use it for Halloween and
thank you guys for watching